ETR01SDK-447: Add information about MbedTLS dependencies (#380)
tropicsquare/libtropic: docs/other/supported_cfps/mbedtls.md

- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR` - ECC key pair support.
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_PUBLIC_KEY` - ECC public key support.

## Build Dependencies

> Note that MbedTLS 4.0.0 has the following Python dependencies to build it:

Reviewer: I forgot a new line for correct formatting:
```suggestion
Note that MbedTLS 4.0.0 has the following Python dependencies to build it:

```

- `jinja2`,
- `jsonschema`.

> Refer to the MbedTLS documentation for more information.

Reviewer: I forgot a new line for correct formatting:
```suggestion

Refer to the MbedTLS documentation for more information.
```

- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR` - ECC key pair support.
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_PUBLIC_KEY` - ECC public key support.

## Build Dependencies

> Note that MbedTLS 4.0.0 have following Python dependencies for building: `jinja2` and `jsonschema`. Refer to the MbedTLS documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that MbedTLS 4.0.0 has the following Python dependencies for its building:
- `jinja2`,
- `jsonschema`.
Refer to the MbedTLS documentation for more information.
```
